hey guys nick from do work all day and
is my first voiceover so just give me a
break on this one so today I'm going to
be showing you guys a giant healer and
wizard strategy so first time I start
off doing is I just drop some wall
breakers and obviously that didn't work
out too well so I drop on the rest of
them and then I just spam all my giants
and I should have brought a few arches
with me to draw out the king but it's
all good so then pretty much all I do is
I just drop a heal spell to keep the
Giants alive for a little bit and then I
pretty much just spam all the Wizards
suit shortly after that and along with
the healers after I take out the first
air defense and from there it's pretty
easy all i gotta do is just you know
time your rage spells and your heal
spells then uh that's about it as you'll
see i'll drop my heal spell and then
I'll drop my rage spell
so from this point all you got to do is
just pretty much just watch all the
wizards and Giants and healers just do
work on a base and that's about it so
you can just sit back and relax and
watch all the destruction go down so if
you guys can already tell we're pretty
new to this whole YouTube thing so just
bear with us and so pretty much what
we're going to be doing is just posting
you know kind of like new videos on
strategies and where we have a couple
series in mind that hope you guys are
like so just be ready for those so yeah
so as you guys can see we don't have too
many troops left only about five wizards
of all four Giants left and my barbarian
king and a couple healers and so what
it's not looking too good right now but
all you really need is about five
wizards at the end because they do so
much damage especially a level five so
you'll see a sec here that they go
pretty clutch amiss and
you
alright guys so we only got the one
builder's hut and then the one wizard
tower so all the Wizards are going for
the wall shooting it down pretty fast
there's only six seconds left they get
all the way up to the wizard tower just
about to shoot and it ends so that was
pretty shitty but we still did good gal
the resources got ninety five percent
two stars this raid I used 13 Giants
nine wall breakers 22 Wizards my
barbarian King seven archers between the
client castle three healers to heal
spells and a rage spell that's what I
usually use I usually bring some arches
with about 10 so I can draw two
barbarian King and I was probably my
biggest mistake in this attack ah so
yeah hope you guys enjoyed this strategy
it works pretty well haven't seen it
very many times actually at all really
and hope you guys like it and hope you
guys can use it pretty well thanks for
watching